I'm not gonna roll these guys over this
is a rap that I wanted to build I'm
confident in these guys and we'll build
it will grow well I'm here at the echo
fox roster day right now to interview
Jared Jeffries who I believe is the
president of echo Fox right yes correct
so a lot of people that are watching my
content not all of them are sports fans
but you have an interesting career from
before you got into all this do you kind
of want to recap a little bit about your
background I played two years in Indiana
I was drafted 11 by the Washington
Wizards put 11 years in the NBA when I
retired I was able to have a four-year
career a director of personnel for the
Denver Nuggets and it kind of groomed me
to where I am now to become president
echo Fox
so why get out of traditional sports and
get into eSports just to have a chance
to see growth I've always played games
it's one of those things that's funny my
little brother always laughs like I was
meeting his connection where I'm sick
just older than him and our connection
was always video games and being able to
have a chance to move into this space
it's kind of like a lifelong dream let's
read let's talk a little bit about the
roster because I was told by Jake that
you really got to talk to you about the
roster so I've interviewed a ton of the
other management and owners at these
different teams and they told me how
terrifying basically this 48-hour period
was of talking to all these different
players and trying to figure out where
everybody was going and you didn't get
any sleep so what was it like for you
like I said I was very lucky to be
groomed for this um the fragrancy in the
NBA is very similar you kind of have
everything lined up you're prepared and
the staff did a great job I mean Jake
Nick Denny Jim did a great job of
preparing everything for us so once for
agency hit it is nerve-racking day
before you start getting these guys
signed but we were able to get those
guys and once it kind of fell into place
everybody signed up and I was excited
and why you know how did you arrive at
this specific roster this lineup of
players you know it's funny if you could
see our book we had all of these guys
actually in our book to come together
with the specific roster we never talked
about so I mean it
kind of happened um you know one guy led
to another led to another you know kind
of slide with da rock and he knew
Phoenix and then Darla crossing a
Gentile Tech then Adrian knew hooning
and all those guys kind of had a people
that kind of touched each other and I
just came together so a lot of the
criticism that people have levied
actually after my interview with Rick he
asked me Travis what's your prediction I
told him it was pretty straight up that
what everybody's been saying about this
roster and I think it's fair is that it
will either blow itself up or blow up
everyone else in the NA LCS right it's
you've got a bunch of guys with big
personalities big egos you know a couple
couple quiet guys but for the most part
a lot of people have said crazy stuff
about these guys in the past and you
know so everybody's kind of like man
what does echo fox you know thinking
this is a crazy risk high-risk
high-reward kind of deal dude for you
this roster in the same light yeah I
think that we're a very talented group
but one thing I really did all the
criticism they had was everything was
all in-game nobody said anything bad
about I'm off the field and that's what
I can deal with as long as they're good
people and all these kids are great kids
then we'll figure the rest out we'll put
the right support group around we'll put
my people around them to help them reach
their highest potential
so I really have any fear and once again
coming from additional sports there's no
chance they can do anything that I've
seen in the NBA so let me so the worst
kid and this is by the best kid in NBA
so it doesn't it doesn't scare me at all
because I know that they're all good
kids and as long as they're good people
we'll figure the rest out there is for a
lot of teams they look to kind of handle
the mental component teamwork component
with people like sports psychology
trainers and that kind of thing
how are you guys looking to make sure
that the team can sort of stay together
and make everything good even whenever
there's like a rough patch or downturn
or something I think that franchising
will help a lot these kids were always
fighting for their lives and if things
didn't go right their relegation made
owners row guys are really fast I'm not
gonna roll these guys over this is a rap
that I want to build I'm confident in
these guys and we'll build it will grow
this isn't a situation where we lose
you know two games in a row that our
season's over
no I mean we're gonna have a bigger
picture a bigger sight in place we're
gonna have sports psychologist and I'm
also a big person on team building we're
gonna do training tape we're gonna do
meals together we're gonna do outside
things and I think also having a player
house and this facility here these guys
have a chance to get out of the house
you know whenever that you're stuck in
that house all the time this is a weird
environment I've never heard of a team
training in a house and living in a
house it's you gotta get outside you got
to be do other stuff and I think that
these guys being able to have space from
each other to be able to come here
interact in different areas go to
training you know go to meals together I
think it helps you not get tired of each
other so for a lot of people especially
on the League of Legends side because he
was around so so early they kind of view
Rick Fox's like echo fox and all that
now you guys have had it they've grown
and there's there's so many other teams
and so many other people helping to run
the show here I'm kind of curious for
you specifically how much will you be
involved again acknowledging with other
teams that you have in the League of
Legends space specifically and with this
team and hang out with them and being up
to anything else yes in the weekends
that kind of thing yeah I mean obviously
you know I go I try to go to different
events being president and having
different teams I fly out and I go to
different events I go support our
fighting game and go support gear as it
goes up or call of duty I'll go to the
LCS stuff but that's also why I have a
great staff and you know I try to be
hands-on when it comes to the business
side of it acquiring the rosters doing
that but when it comes to most of the
endgame stuff man that's their job and I
take a step back and I'm just a casual
fan share of my team on the teamwork
side or you can also be looking like
let's say at some point in time there's
conflict between two players or
something did you let the coaches handle
that or do you are you able to sort of
bring your personal experience just
because you have a wealth of experience
like you said on this side kind of stuff
do you get involved and kind of have
these conversations with the guys yeah I
do
I have conversations if you know
problems arise or they have questions
they know my doors always open and
but I don't want to be seen as getting
too involved in there I mean if it's a
large issue they just want to talk about
something and totally fine but it's also
my staff it's their job the police most
of this and be him police it especially
anything in game and it'll two arguments
that's not my job one of the kind of
neat things that I've seen you know
looking at overwatch League a little bit
and sort of the way they've announced
all their teams but now you know after
that happened and seeing the way riot
was able to unveil like they're ten
teams once they've gone through the
franchise I think everybody's kind of
creating this unique identity for
themselves what are you looking to do
with Equifax to kind of make the team
stand out among the rest of the NA LCS
teams this year but what we did I wanted
to tell her I wanted a talented roster I
think that um I wanted a talented
aggressive roster and I'll you look
across most sports right now the most
aggressive offensive teams went and I
feel like we put together a very
aggressive team especially with best of
one this year that's going to compete at
a high level how what are your
expectations for the team especially
once you know potentially you'll unlock
the international level I think that
this year we should be a playoff team I
really do I think with the hard talent
it's up to us as a org to put the right
support around them but as far as our
it's how I don't think anyone would
argue about telling who we are so I in
my interview with Rick it's funny he
reference he's like you know in the
sports world didn't ever do this but in
all my interviews I always give an open
forum at the end if there's anything you
want to say to any of the fans anything
you want to say to anybody out there
that's looking at echo fox this year and
kind of scratching their head or getting
hyped or excited that you know huni's
back off of his world finals match and
here on the team so anything that you
want to say to anybody out there that
much be ready I mean be excited cheer
for us man I think that these group of
guys we're gonna put enough content
around them that you'll get to see the
personalities come out and these are
great kids man we're gonna do great
fantastic thank you so much for the
interview always a pleasure thank you so
much and for everyone else you can check
out the rest of our coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel
Travis gaffer dot-com slash support save
me